I shoot a cart blowing wife wife already pick
tons of oil spends rejoices at the base
national guard for one peak of this
yak releasing junk up to 12 in battle with pick
shot and
of your pelvis drill coverage are not taken
Posons get up you are a peasant reserve
battalion operational sign they
trained in vata form in Ivano-Frankivsk
allow needle stock volunteers and all
Ukraine and Anna's slide on imperiously
ati company shy I do not want to wait
bye war hello my home is mine
parents live
yet safe zone but also hope that
it will remain a safe zone and
for them for my country for my family I
come here to study battalion i'm chris coffee
reserve kulish not peacekeepers from hot
points and simply grandchildren telkom peaceful
Professions doctor this in hotel country Vanya
for all the same hang 10 at 12 days I
I cut off military conscription office because you had to
came here got a bush i called here
you believe acrylic shooting after all pushes
so so withering the battle we teach such a country
Wang battalion commander stood out because
small yelled at the helm fighters help
School of survival from the deck nature of the lad
happened the art of the straw famous
toad yes plaza neff yes so energetic and
eeprom tea in the river in the spade on the commander
battalion rostislav shakula u giving us
already those kinds of code schools in one node
university detour friends already like
write holy
committee on friendship and volunteer completing
without them will be behind you for the foundation
hunt and cents so that evil is already through
the slow battalion because of the psychologist of what
say and my squad still say you
my kohany i pose yacht you here we are
I can get lucky here my food
start wearing university jobs
to beat and it is necessary to the course the thief will not say
the cane was a snake ripping out
in the forest bowl of sex doses you can find a ticket
will drive you can it give an hour
without him bringing you a grub not
need your finishes and seemingly suhpay
Power and threw beat their knowledge and she
being Ukrainians for a particularly masochist
good made this for bethesda bought
volunteers us hit volunteers battalion
you pull down the greatest and the day we are sergey
barbo maksim patrakov 5 channel